"Give yourself to your country!"

The man's booming voice echoed across the dreary space. It was as if he wished himself to be heard by even his comrades already at rest in the pits and blood-filled trenches.

"Blood, fire, and steel!" He shouted.

The 14th Infantry Squad responded with a fervent war-cry as they leapt out from behind the wooden barricade and charged into no-man's land. One man, left behind, took a final glance
back at his commander. The commander, he noted, was dressed in steel armor, head to toe. Perhaps, his commander, could give "blood, fire and steel" to his country, but what of
the members of the 14th? What could they give? With no protective armor and rusty bronze weapons, it seemed that that the 14th was destined to give
everything to their country, while their country had given almost nothing to them.

The laggard of the 14th charged forwards to catch up with his squad. Stumbling through pocketed dirt, pools of mud and blood, and the mangled bodies
of friends and foes alike, he pushed onwards. To where must he even go? Around him was a blur of violence. Who was an enemy? Where were they? What was he even to do when faced with such
a foe? The man never had a chance to fully ponder the answers to these questions. A body was soon flung at him, streaks of blood following it through the air like torn crimson clouds.

The man was knocked to the ground, his head slamming onto the ground. A concussion, he thought, was likely.

"That's really bad for you" The laggard thought, head ringing and vision blurry as he stared up at the smoke-scarred sky.

The laggard struggled to regain his senses while pushing the body of the dead human off of him. That man didn't have the luxury of "giving steel" either. His bare skin was torn and scraped, with only a small
portion of his vitals covered by a hardened leather armor.

"A lot of good that did for you" he mumbled, rolling from his back to his stomach, hoping to ease his dizzied head and push himself up from the muck.